Position of the characters to replace
Mail Notification
Napoleon Bonaparte
poppy seed
Projects stored on a database server
run out
Areas ruled by the central government care called Union Territories.
married woman
Copying Disc
Manual section
Amman
CD / DVD Creator Folder
He is chauffeur of Animesh who is a black marketeer
slander
Pharaoh
Failed to refresh project:% s 
(Default) 
Disconnected 
Guimaras 
Zip Archived Comic Book (. cbz) 
Mark as _ default memo list 
building up of quality infrastructure
Whether the window is maximized 
Fullscreen 
triumph 
Work
China s attack on India 
old 
would be really good at making these trade - offs. 
brainy 
Pre / Post condition 
Your name 
Format 
? 
past 
Run several commands at a time: 
History of Odisha 
business 
Names: 
Computerization and Information Technology 
Access Control 
Burlington 
Tasks 
least common multiple has to contain the prime 
Device serial number is invalid 
orange 
responsibleness 
poverty and innovation, 
and you get money for it if you win. 
New password: 
Icon size: 
Recent X - Ray Missions 
entire 
intellect 
Cannot set signature script "{0}". 
Whether to emit a beep when new messages arrive. 
Month view horizontal pane position 
9th Last 
Vertical: 
Transformation failed. 
the fame, the money I got out of it. 
The Scalix password was successfully changed 
Game score and timings 
Angle Begin 
Do you really want to empty the current project? 
exercise 
Skip 
Use & modem: 
The timeout should be at least 10 seconds. 
Revert changes in unstaged files 
Cyan 
General Merchandise (External website that opens in a new window) 
Double Postcard (JIS) 
& List 
Resolution 
And so what are we left with? 
Change Evolution 's settings 
What cause for worry. 
Those were stormy days in Poona. 
procession 
Read Accesses 
White Player 
And so what are we left with? 
lose 
Workday end hour 
Select the audio output device to use 
Searching 
Confirmation Required 
powerful 
Thailand 
Constell. Boundary 
I went to Europe by way of Anchorage. 
Industrial 
Flash mode 
175% 
opinion 
Loading calendars 
Asia / Magadan 
flowering 
That is the scale at which 
Could not find debug symbol packages for this application. 
State 
Detailed information about the certificate: 
peevishness 
He soon made remarkable progress. 
These lines are parallel. 
Communist China 
Background color 
Movies 
Maximum length of the text inside the actor 
Lebanon 
Notify new attendees _ only 
Check spelling while I _ type 
Authentication failed. 
Indicate your favorite website 
capital of Australia 
Would you like to send updated task information to participants? 
Invert screen 
Overseas Marketing 
This is not possible unless the Earth has been expanding. 
The maximum value for the first term 
elephant 
Could not delete folder '% s':% s 
Shutdown 
Please enter a URL 
From: 
auspice 
Bearing can be unbearable. 
Additional object files for this target. 
Zambia 
soundless 
Enable smart brace completion 
And I 'd say it' s actually thriving. 
Default 
Folder doesn 't exist 
Enable Python comments folding 
Nottingham 
Ghanaian Cedi 
Whether the device is enabled 
PATH TO COVER 
Default behaviour 
up with a nonsensical solution. 
& Description: 
The Scheme extends to all States and Union Territories. 
With a split wing 
single 
India was also getting struck. 
Disable texturing any primitives 
By Extension 
Disable connection to session manager 
Show the selected bookmark on a toolbar 
Additional locales: 
Anandamoyi had least expected a visit from Lolita today. 
someplace in life 
Repository to pull from: 
Options 
Jan 
1- A historic first: 
Start:% 1 
Shia Islam 
expression 
(iii)  entertainment service; 
Mouse 
Keyboard 
jubilantly 
Cayman Islands Dollar 
numberless 
happiness 
so we return false. 
snail 
Back - Sending mail 
Show special occasions from calendar 
This method is exclusive promotions in the United States. 
You did not supply a user name for that account. 
compound 
be less than 12. 
The IP address of the multicast group 
Circuit - Horizontal Jumper 
morning 
sensualness 
Major programmes: 
Crossfade duration 
Save Options 
American arrowroot 
big 
You will again hear what% 1 says and shouts. 
Operation has been canceled 
And that’s it 
The empire broke into independent Rajput states. 
translator - credits 
Force 
_ Hide addresses when sending mail to this list 
Selected Sheets: 
Nokia 2760 
that public space can have 
Interface: 
And I was just struck 
"% s" expects the first argument to be a string 
This king of ours had many qualities. 
Choose a color for function 2. 
We bring down this five. 
Rename the selected address book 
finance 
Open 
inclination 
The community had resolved to fill up the jail after our arrests. 
Here various types prevalent among humans having sex and Rati actions will be described. 
He accompanied me to the court room and sat beside me and heard me argue. 
This team handles appeals, investigates allegations and is responsible for the post - issue checking strategy of applications. 
“It 's going to take a while, ” the boy said.“ 
In the year 1587, one of the troop of Portuguese had even attacked on Yemen but got defeated by Turks. 
Actually, let 's make that' s seventy - five point one eight. 
Kerala offers immense opportunities for the investors in the information technology (IT) industry. 
With a prudent programme of imports, we shall be able to meet the demands substantially. 
It became a Union Territory on 1st November 1957 and on 21st January 1972 it was made a full-fledged State. 
India and Bangladesh can lead the way towards greater integration within our region and beyond in South East Asia. 
The name of the scheme file containing the solitaire game to play. 
Remember hue adjustments in the file properties for the current file 
Anyone can become a Muslim by announcing that there is only one God, and that Mohammed is his prophet. 
66. The Kerala Land Reforms (Amendment) Act, 1971 (Kerala Act 25 of 1971). 
Do not mar _ k messages as junk if sender is in my address book 
Each member of MyGov is automatically a member of the Open Forum and can join the various discussions. 
He told her about his life as a shepherd, about the king, and about the crystal shop. 
India and Uzbekistan have continued to maintain high level exchanges in the recent past. 
Having disarmed us they tell us that we are not capable of defending our country. 
And let me tell you, I am not only a democratic face, I am a person with her own base. 
5 is not divisible by 2, so 2 will not go into 75. 
He called his friends and showed them the stone seat he had discovered. 
Sanskrit has a rich prose literature, and short stories in prose are found in the Upanishads. 
You see things; and say, “Why”, but I dream things that never are and I say “Why Not? ” 
According to Asimov, robotics is the science of dealing with robots. 
Thought is only one means of partially manifesting and presenting what is hidden in this greater self - existent knowledge. 
It essentially comprises a PV panel carrier, a storage battery and a specially designed compatible dusting unit. 
and the green one on this one and the blue on on this one. 
and we do that for all four of the nodes and that tells us that 
Please make sure the following recipients are willing and able to receive HTML email: {0} 
Show status field in the event / task / meeting editor 
He writes: Though my monthly magazine was still in the womb of imagination, I found for it a name. 
This leaflet explains what will happen now you have reported a crime to the police. 
that maybe we could take a Tupperware model from the United States, 
The streets are just the unnamed spaces in between the blocks. 
Use alternate database for profiles [$HOME /. config / gcompris / gcompris _ sqlite. db] 
On April 13, 1919, the public had gathered to celebrate Baisakhi. 
This flag was also exhibited at a socialist conference in Berlin. 
% s through% s wishes to receive the latest information for the following assigned task: 
To me it also signifies the consensus on national interests and the foreign policy of India. 
She has authored a book titled “A New Beginning – The Turnaround Story of Indian Bank”. 
She saw the envelope with Gourinath 's name on top and out of curiosity opened it. 
Without his wish nobody in the world can even move a leaf. 
We the people of India will construct this new Parliament building together. 
Communists supported left Kuomintang, but discovered later that there was little difference between the two. 
We found a solution to the black marketing of urea by making it 100 percent neem coating. 
I went to Hazrat Ali (Reg.) and notified him about this thing. 
The drug called Bel or Belae fructus comprises fresh, ripe or half - ripe fruits of the tree. 
You want to overwrite the left picture with the one on the right. 
And the problem tells us they are all facing east and are 
This filling cap will go very snugly into an old bicycle tube. 
Select the time zone which KAlarm should use as its default for displaying and entering dates and times. 
His poetry merely illuminates the moral conflict, hence its eternal appeal. 
Besides, it provides nutritional food to millions of people and better employment opportunities. 
The All India Congress Committee met at Allalhabad in May 1942. 
The login screen, system accounts and new user accounts use the system - wide Region and Language settings. 
You 'll share in their achievements and be there for them when they need you. 
It also provides engineering support to other defence organisations such as DRDO, Ordnance Factories, and Coast Guard. 
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind will visit Rajasthan and Odisha from December 6 to 8, 2019. 
He has used a Marker with four wheels and a Rotary Weeder. 
To the north it will have Sylhet, to the west and south East Bengal. 
And I 'm not the first person to ask this question. 
For this reason, a great number of tourists visit Nepal every year. 
In addition Western India Shipyard Limited has set up ship repair facilities at Mormugao on the West Coast. 
He now begun to wear a “”Kadi - Kurta“” (Hand - woven tunic) and a “”Gandhi Topi“” (Gandhi Cap) “”. 
and in between the cars, and people behind me, with that kind of 
There are files already burned on this disc. Would you like to import them? 
At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the world sleeps, India will awake to life and freedom. 
During the last three years of his life, Manilal concentrated on the practice of yoga and mesmerism. 
that talk about this, is that we think it was a glancing blow. 
This shows how much common citizens of India have faith in technology. 
On return home he had a number of motions and then complained of a burning sensation all over his body. 
And finally, we need to understand that in Bosnia and Kosovo, 
We found a solution to the black marketing of urea by making it 100 percent neem coating. 
The book aims to provide a modern approach to information retrieval from a computer science perspective. 
In India, there are less than 93 women for every 100 men in the population. 
It was a result of the Uruguay Round of the multilateral trade negotiations. 
At the same time, as I mentioned earlier, Defence needs were fully met. 
He made friends with Monkey and persuaded him to throw fruit for him to eat. 
Now, let 's say I figure out it' s an equipment problem. 
Show week numbers in Day View, Work Week View, and Date Navigator 
It can be said that there are infinite number of sex positions but some are very famous amongst them. 
In more recent times, Germany has played a key role in India’s modernisation and development. 
Welcome to the Evolution Mail Configuration Assistant. Click "Forward" to begin. 
Cumulative = 0 calculates the density function; cumulative = 1 calculates the distribution. 
Telecommunications is a vital infrastructure for the development of the economy. 
List of clues for the attachment reminder plugin to look for in a message body 
He puts his hands over his ears and continues to wail. 
The discrepancy of the dates 13th and 16th, however, still remains, and it might be due to error of transcription. 
He was proud of his past association with MEA by virtue of having been External Affairs Minister twice. 
There has been a consolidation of relations with friendly countries and major powers. 
before they can reproduce or may be while they are reproducing what 's going to happen: 
The developing countries and associate members of ESCAP are eligible to accede to the Agreement. 
Both sides also agreed to strengthen cooperation in the area of power and energy connectivity. 
Whether the layout should be homogeneous, i. e. all childs get the same size 
The said Tribunal comprises a chairman and such number of other members as the central government thinks fit. 
This will send a reassuring signal to investors, and to the people at large, that we mean business. 
But we forget the fact that those countries had started their development much earlier. 
Document contains new or modified annotations. If you don 't save a copy, changes will be permanently lost. 
The only place that the smallest number can be is at the tippe top. 
He then seats himself at the head and explains to the spirit how it must leave the dead body. 
When in full feather, the duck has a blue neck and head. 
it was their angular velocity, and over the next tens of millions of years 
Direct feeding of the young by the mother is also known. 
Marine life exhibits can be seen at the new marine aquarium. 
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind has greeted fellow citizens on the eve of Christmas. 
He had all the weaknesses of a normal human being and he was painfully aware of them. 
Enter the room name to join here or click on one or more rooms in the list. 
The doorway in front is a huge threshold with an arched window on top. 
They propose to melt, and I know they will melt, your hearts by self - suffering. 
When Raman received the Nobel Prize in 1930, it lifted Indian science to an equal level with world science. 
Contains the name of the favourite burn engine suite installed. It will be used if possible. 
I picked up my cameras, my icons and the dried roses from the sledge. 
The scheme envisages setting up of residential educational complex from first to fifth standard. 
This creates a suitable beginning of a docbook chapter for a Kate plugin. 
There was a shortfall of about 18 million tonnes in the Sixth Plan. 
When we mentioned the subject of the debate. he broke into a wry smile and said Hmm. 
Then they return home before morning and resume their human form and activities. 
The amylase and viscosity of the mix is far lower then the unmalted grain mix. 
9 out of both of these numbers, and we can factor out a 
By 2025, we are going to extend it to more than 25 cities. 
Free gas connections are being provided to 1.5 crore poor households. 
“You and Bert? ” asked his father in freezing tones, and raised his eyebrows.“ 
The appeal against the order of the Tribunal lies to Supreme Court under Article 136 of the Constitution. 
write that y is equal to x minus 1 squared minus 2. 
For delivering mail by connecting to a remote mailhub using SMTP. 
Block Rubber accounts for 10% of the production and 40% of the imports. 
A young gilt reaches full maturity when about two years of age. 
The main focus of the museum was on the Greco-Roman, Anglo-Saxon and Egyptian art. 
The President said that our democracy finds its resonance in our Constitution. 
The memo could not be deleted due to an error:% s 
The are lot of differences in the Penis of different people. 
Tape is still mounted. The index for a mounted tape cannot be deleted. Unmount the tape and try again. 
Innovation will be a determining factor of growth in the future. 
The DATEVALUE function returns a number representing the day, i. e the number of days elapsed since December 31, 1899. 
He invited Indian and Vietnamese businesses to partner each other for enhanced trade as well as technology and investment collaboration. 
Common additional Fortran compiler flags for all targets in this group. 
In this they have lost all along the line and I knew that they were going to lose. 
You are about to remove the template "% 1"; are you sure? 
It was all new to him, the noise and bustle, the interesting smells, the cranes, the ship. 
You are modifying a recurring event. 
% s through% s wishes to receive the latest information for the following assigned task: 
Now the country has given priority to the sentiments of the people living in the city. 
Immediately afterwards the Japanese handed over their swords, saluted in turn and marched off toward their cars. 
These modules provide network functions to all other parts of VLC. 
Forgetting your passwords will clear all remembered passwords. You will be reprompted next time they are needed. 
In the country more than 40,000 units are set up. 
The Fund is administered by an Executive Committee, with PM as Chairperson, and Defence, Finance and Home Ministers as Members. 
The location you chose to store the image on does not have enough free space for the disc image 
It is said that initially this city was also referred to by the name Aryagraha. 
A child with one parent who has asthma, has a 25% risk of developing asthma. 
Whether a read receipt request gets added to every message by default. 
Playback failed because no valid audio or video outputs are available 
Changes made to this item may be discarded if an update arrives 
After many changes, the State of West Bengal in its present form came into existence from 1956. 
He pierces the darkness of the world by the intensity of his intellectual light. 
Nature has taught me this pohilosophy and I call out: some, eat, and enjoy the bounty of Providence. 
Contact: George House, PO Box 201, Manchester, M60 1PU, Tel: 839 2442 
This is march, the 450, 000 march - beginning of September. 
In the subsequent 5 years, wheat growers have got Rs 3 lakh crores i.e. around 2 times. 
_ Type an email address or drag a contact into the list below: 
% s: there was no self contact UID stored in gconf 
Changes made to this item may be discarded if an update arrives 
But why would... There must be something he 's not telling you. 
The prices of houses in most cities in America are nominal in comparison with the prices of houses in Bangalore. 
The next king in the line was Prataparudra Deva who ruled longer from 1497 to 1540. 
(b) in respect of an application referred to in clause (ii), the 31st day of July, 2007; 
Meanwhile, the British Government called the third Round Ta ^ ble Conference in London in November 1932. 
Remember the chosen video aspect in the file properties for the current file 
Our partnership is historical, time-tested and enduring, forged in the Liberation War of 1971. 
He directed the people of Jammu and Kashmir towards secularism and a more progressive social outlook. 
Draws a box full of 3D bouncing balls that explode. Written by Sander van Grieken; 2002. 
could say, well, 12 divided by 6 is 2, and then you have that 
Hold Ctrl + Meta keys to see where the mouse cursor is. 
Error: You must choose at least one language for the snippet! 
The roof is made of planks, metal sheet or tiles, or even thatch in extremely humble cases. 
It is a moving story dealt with a good deal of elegance, depth and grandeur. 
The general colour is black and white or red and white. 
The third constituent of the novel is concerned with the fortunes of a young widow Mathurabai. 
It is heartening that the long pending land boundary issue with Bangladesh has been finally resolved. 
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, will visit Andhra Pradesh (Visakhapatnam) on December 7 and 8, 2017. 
In the present case itself, the petitioner had rendered more than 14 years of service in Navy. 
The Oriya language is one of the most ancient among the Indian languages. 
At the age of two years, the permanent incisors start coming up. 
or from this 8 hours right over here, that will become 7 hours. 
The following recipient was not recognized as a valid mail address: {0} 
Enter the file name pattern of the files to search here. You may give several patterns separated by commas. 
One paragraph marked in the document provides commercially sensitive data which we ask you to redact as indicated. 
probably as a permanent IQ loss in those kids of five to seven points. 
While European professors were given Rs. 750, Indian professors were paid only Rs. 450 per month. 
The inhabitants are generally handsome, active, and clean, with a little of the Malay expression of countenance. 
All of you are aware of the Namami Gange programme and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. 
After the bombing of Hiroshima in Japan in the middle of 1945, all resistance of the Axis powers broke. 
Behavior on right click into the titlebar or frame of an inactive window. 
Failed to parse project (the project is opened, but there will be no project view)% s:% s 
With this, there is an opportunity for large-scale employment in the technology sector and India becoming a Global technology powerhouse. 
The new distributor will endorse the original SV and issue the transfer. 
It 's not necessarily an NP because the number of colors is bigger. Well, no. 
Irfan is young who lives in the world of imagination and the valley of dreams. 
It was around 11. 30 when the shops started to close, and people started collecting in the Hall Market. 
He will also attend a banquet hosted by the Swiss President in the evening. 
There are negative numbers, but we 're not going to concern 
It aims to promote peace, trade and development in the region through dialogue and cooperation. 
At that time most of the research work on stellar spectra was being carried out in England and Germany. 
The project is too large for the disc even with the overburn option. 
Disable app notifications in the sync settings. This turns off syncing notifications received from your apps to other clients. 
Such a location not only results in lowest cost per unit but also facilitates orderly growth of the firm. 
Retrieving the annotation% 1 on folder% 2 failed. The server returned:% 3 
I do speak from the heart; I do say what I really think. 
The chosen sound will be played at the end of calls or calling somebody who is busy, if enabled 
This document is locked and can only be read by entering the correct password. 
There was to be a French version too葉he Revue de la Grande Synthese. 
This engine uses diesel oil or petrol in place of coal. 
In the absence of family support, they would expect help from the Government. 
Perhaps there might have been other hidden (political) reasons behind it. 
Four volumes of the book have already been published and the fifth is being compiled. 
Tamil is the only modern Indian language which is recognizably continuous with a classical past. 
There are% d print jobs active. Wait until print finishes before closing? 
This person had testified in the witness box in the enquiry. 
The purpose was to propagate general knowledge through the medium of the mother tongue. 
But does the Industry itself follow transparent accounting and strict norms of disclosure? 
It is equally important that he should have a keen interest in the advancement of knowledge. 
The skin colour may be white, black, yellow, brown, mulatto, or copper coloured. 
It is your attitude and not your aptitude that determines your altitude. 
(I) is a non-resident referred to in sub-clause (i) of clause (a); or 
% s: there was no source for UID '% s' stored in GConf. 
On the heights, one of the commanders turned to the chief and said, 
Select to fade the volume when the sound file first starts to play. 
The Governor of a state may reserve any Bill for the consideration of the President. 
Welcome to the Evolution Mail Configuration Assistant. Click "Continue" to begin. 
At that they were afraid, and decided to take it to the Raja as a present. 
Observe if the bird has a crest, and if so of what colour and shape. 
In 1999, then state BJP acting president Om Prakash Singh sought to take action against “contractors and criminals in the party ”. 
A lunate containing a half-lotus adorns the top of the square section of the shaft, and the square abacus is also decorated with floral motifs. 
His army now consisted of the Vilayatees, the Bundelas, and even robbers who were expert shots and were good for fighting in jungles. 
Still we can conceive of an immediate goal, an ulterior objective beyond our present achievement towards which the soul in man can aspire. 
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, will visit Uttar Pradesh tomorrow (November 28, 2019) to inaugurate the new hospital block of Ramakrishna Mission Sevashrama Charitable Hospital in Vrindavan. 
Document contains form fields that have been filled out. If you don 't save a copy, changes will be permanently lost. 
A list of effects applied on startup. Possible values are: "mauve", "noir _ blanc", "saturation", "hulk", "vertical - flip", "horizontal - flip", "shagadelic", "vertigo", "edge", "dice" and "warp" 
This key is read only once and reset to "false" after read. This unselects the mail in the list and removes the preview for that folder. 
Since 3 / 4ths is less than e, the natural log of 3 / 4ths is going to be a negative number. 
They aimed at a complete regeneration of man 's life, individually as well as collectively and both on a spiritual basis. 
During his ruling Islami Kindom Spread very fast and all Irani Kingdom and 2 / 3 East roman kingdom was captured by Momedians. 
Electricity was the only exception which with a substantial weight, grew at a fairly rapid rate of 7. 6 per cent. 
True it is that Bezbaroa 's style could occasionally be enigmatical, but nine times out of ten, it was not so. 
“If there 's a book you really want to read but it hasn' t been written yet, then you must write it. ” - Toni Morrison 
The decadal average growth rate, which was 1. 9 per cent in the Eighties, increased to 7. 3 per cent in the last decade. 
Manorama has always stood for the people and with the people in the battle against injustice and for freedom and equality. 
Are you F - ing stupid. That one of your surveillance drones. That 's a 12 million $piece of hardware. - it was. 
The President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee conferred Lakshmipat Singhania - IIM, Lucknow National Leadership Awards 2011 at a function in Vigyan Bhavan today (November 30, 2012). 
Shri Mukherjee has extensive diplomatic experience and has served on the Board of Governors of the IMF, World Bank, Asian Development Bank and African Development Bank. 
The President said that of the 17,000 judges in our subordinate courts, High Courts and Supreme Court only about 4,700 – roughly one in four – are women. 
Could not authenticate to the Global Catalog server. You may need to go back and specify the Windows domain name as part of your username (eg, "MY - DOMAIN\\% s"). 
"% s" expects all arguments to be strings or one and only one argument to be a boolean false (# f) 
Each one of the five basic groups modulates one of the group carrier frequencies and forms the 60 - channel band. 
A special security update for% {PRODUCTNAME} was just applied; you should restart now for it to take effect (we 'll restore your tabs).% {PRODUCTNAME} 
European governments evolved a policy of non - intervention which meant in effect that the Spanish Government could not be helped, but the rebels could draw aid from outside. 
In the list of numbers below, what is the sum of all the numbers with a value greater than {0}? Answer {1}, {2}, {3} or {4}. 
As the largest producer of natural gas in India, Gujarat intends to set up an extensive State - wide gas grid to augment its existing power capacity. 
India remains firmly committed to peace, but in case the need arises, we will use all our might to protect the nation’s sovereignty. 
The MSP for Paddy has been increased from Rs. 560 in 2004 - 05 to Rs. 850 per quintal in 2008 - 09. 
Of the four newspapers under Indian management that became the targets of the Press Ordinance, the Sambad Kaumudi and Mirat - ul - Akhbar belonged to Rammohun Roy. 
He was in news for last 3-4 days. I was concerned about his health and kept myself updated about his health. 
President Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine hosted yesterday (October 12, 2015) a Banquetin honour of President Pranab Mukherjee in Ramallah. 
Today they want to satiate their selfish motives by riding on the shoulders of others and opposing everything related to the national interest. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee hosted roundtable discussions on ‘Technology, Innovation and Education’ yesterday (December 17, 2015) at Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
Here was an India of which she was proud, a land in which she exulted and which she adored serving acd loving, and this beloved land she would interpret abroad. 
Some of our common migratory butterflies are Appias albina, Euploea core, Danaus limniace, Danaus genutia, Danaus chrysippus, Papitio demoleus, Hypolimas bolina, Lampides boeticst etc. 
India serves as the fastest growing start-up base worldwide and stands third with 4,200 start-ups, next only to US and UK. 
On December 7, 2019, the President will grace the 2ndconvocation of AIIMS, Jodhpur and also inaugurate the new building of Rajasthan High Court in Jodhpur. 
Please enter the name and password for the network you want to create. Por favor digite o nome e a senha para a nova rede que você quer criar. 
If this option is checked, every new view will show marks on the vertical scrollbar. These marks will show bookmarks, for instance. 
If set to true, then hidden files are shown in the file manager. Hidden files are either dotfiles or are listed in the folder 's. hidden file. 
Which two numbers have a sum of {0} and have a ratio of {1} to {2}? Answer using two numbers (e. g.: 1 and 2). 
Out of total Swarojgaris Finance assisted, 2, 04, 261 were SC, 81, 947 were ST, 2, 77, 308 were women and 4, 456 were physically handicapped. 
Enter the server which hosts the room, or leave it empty if the room is on the current account 's server 
is education. & gt; & gt; Mm - hm. & gt; & gt; You know, distance learning. The ability to, to 
In a short life of 39 years he wrote so much, did so much and excelled   in so much. 
He said he is happy that India and Iran are engaged in regular exchange of information and views on the developments in Afghanistan. 
The staple food of Bihar is wheat and rice. Rice is also mentioned in Abul Fazl’s Ain-i-Akbari as the staple diet of Bihar. 
Initially, five RRBs were set up in 1975, at Moradabad and Gorkhpur in Uttar Pradesh; Bhiwani in Haryana; Jaipur in Rajasthan and Malda in West Bengal. 
(c) in section 128, after the word "sections", the figures "119," shall be inserted with effect from the 1st day of April, 2018. 
(b)  a partner of a limited liability partnership as defined in the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008 (6 of 2009); 
The department keeping in mind to the latest trends in the technology procures hardware for the various departments at the Head Office. 
There are also talks of “marriage ” for one of the six, Roque, and the hunt for a“ willing and receptive female ” is on. 
HPCL also supports The UN Global Compact 's ten principles among which a prominent one is "Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery". 
In early 1939, it was converted into the National Conference of which he remained president till 1953, except for the years 1942 and 1944. 1939 
Four projects of four-lane to connect eastern and western Bihar and 6 projects to connect northern India with south India are in progress. 
For example: if an element is used to emphasis a text run call it < emph > not < bold >. 
(viii) a qualifying ship which is used as a fishing vessel for a period of more than thirty days during a previous year. 
Press < keyseq > < key > Ctrl < / key > < key > x < / key > < / keyseq > to boot. 
Accordingly, the Action Plan identifies measures that promote the objectives of sustainable development of India while also yielding to benefits for addressing climate change. 
The question is, when we are one of the largest producers in the world, why can’t we be the largest exporter? 
The momentum in India - Iran bilateral relations was maintained in 2008 - 09 through regular exchanges of delegations in different fields as also by high level visits. 
(ii)  having regard to the national interest, the foreign company and the agreement or arrangement are notified by the Central Government in this behalf; and 
Do you want to mark messages as read in the current folder only, or in the current folder as well as all subfolders? 
They believe that if they have to know about something Allah wants them to know, someone will tell them about it. 
With us there were three sturdy Sikh soldiers, who had been arrested in Hong Kong and brought all the way to Lahore for detention. 
If the surface of Earth were to be levelled completely, with no ridges and furrows, the oceans would submerge the entire globe with a cover 4, 000 metres high. 
(A)  in a case where the consideration for the transfer consists of premium only, the amount of premium as specified in the agreement for transfer ; 
The first newspaper in India was the ‘Hickey’s Gazette’ or ‘Bengal Gazette’ started on January 29, 1780 by an Irishman, James Augustus Hickey. 
Camels are specially fond of the leaves and young shoots of phullahi, khair, ber, sheesham, neem, shahtoot, banyan, peepal, and mango trees. 
He had bequeathed a new hope, a new self - confidence, and a whole new generation looking forward to the future. 
If set to true, Cheese will start up in wide mode, with the image collection placed on the right - hand side. Useful with small screens. 
Position of the vertical pane, between the view and the date navigator calendar and task list when not in the month view, in pixels. 
(i) the allowance under clause (ii) of sub-section (2) of this section shall be made before any allowance under clause (i) of that sub-section is made; and 
Look further and another traditional sari shop, the popular Meena Bazaar has “sari sets with innovative blouses by new designers ”. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee yesterday (February 9, 2015) receivedHis Excellency Dr. Tony Tan Keng Yam, President of Republic of Singapore and Mrs. Mary Tan at Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
It is emblematic of our two national mottos: "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity”and"Satyameva Jayate”, coming together, with the power to inspire the world to achieve the universal ideals of peace and justice. 
Those who believe in the soul—and what Hindu, Mussalman or Parsee is there who does not? —know that the soul never dies. 
If you advance, in step with 130 crore countrymen, this year will prove to be a record setter, path breaker on new fronts for the country. 
SSL certificate for host '% s', used by task list '% s', is not trusted. Do you wish to accept it? 
The year 1955 saw him in Paris again, this time on an invitation from the Council of National Scientific Research of France. 
Indian citizens are required to carry any valid photo ID Cards while foreign citizens are required to carry their original passport at the time of visit. 
The President said that tomorrow is Gandhi Jayanti and Maharashtra has paid a befitting tribute to Gandhiji by declaring urban Maharashtra Open Defecation Free today. 
Create a 1: 1 copy of an audio CD or a data CD / DVD on your hard disk or on another CD / DVD 
The ties that bind people are common economic interests, and, in the case of a subject country especially, a common national interest. 
It is managed by the Facility Management Service Provider on behalf of the district e - Governance Society (under Chairmanship of the district collector). 
(i)  such land is situate in any area referred to in item (a) or item (b) of sub-clause (iii) of clause (14) of section 2; 
Sahityaratna is the story mainly of three persons: Keshavamurthy, the young writer, his wife Girijamma, and Lali - thamma the woman he loves. 
Check the Post - message box and enter a Post - message, which will be spoken when a text job resumes after being interrupted by another message. 
The program executes 100 jobs in 4 threads. Each job waits for a random number of milliseconds between 1 and 1000. 
A ten - year guarantee for a new extension to your house may be worthless if the firm goes out of business. 
As per Article 112, the President will present before the parliament the Annual Financial Accounts and this financial accounting is the budget. 
This address book cannot be opened. Please check that the path% s exists and that permissions are set to access it. 
In his message, the President has said, "I am happy to learn that the Army Day is being celebrated onJanuary 15, 2015. 
(ii) the business of the hotel is owned and carried on by a company registered in India with a paid-up capital of not less than five hundred thousand rupees;  
This decision would open up new avenues for bilateral trade as well as facilitate the integration of Belarus in international trade structures. 
India 's trade in the region is largely with South Africa, Nigeria, Mauritius, Ivory Coast, Tanzania, Kenya, Benin, Ghana, Ethiopia and Senegal. 
Can 't establish a connection to% s. One of you might be on a network that does not allow direct connections. 
he made 6270 runs in 160 matches under captainship of azhar whereas he made 4490 runs in 101 matches under ganguly. 
It is only by increasing that control that he can move towards perfection, and it is only by developing soul - power that he can reach it. 
Earlier in the day, the President visited the Presidential Palace in Addis Ababa and led delegation-level talks with his counterpart, President Mulatu Teshome. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee presented the National Tourism Awards in various categories today (March 18, 2013) at a function at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi. 
Dial - up networking, the program that connects one personal computer to another personal computer with LAN and internet is called as Dial - up networking. 
With additional training, the women could also venture into providing mobile phone battery charging services through solar charging units, which would give them an additional source of income. 
He said youth will play a crucial role in making India a less cash society by using digital mode of money transactions. 
Americans travel, so they know that countries like Indonesia and Thailand look better despite the economic crisis than India does without it. 
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, paid homage to Dr Rajendra Prasad, the first President of India, on his birth anniversary at Rashtrapati Bhavan today (December 3, 2019). 
The council will also be able to tell you how it deals with repairs which aren 't covered under this scheme. 
At first Vallabhbhai was wont to laugh at him and if anyone showed an inclination to visit Gandhiji, he would stop him saying, What will you do going there? 
During 2005 - 06 an area of 0. 03 million ha have been reclaimed with an expenditure of Rs. 9. 29 crore. 
As they grow up, the young ones moult five times and finally they become sexually mature adults in about eight weeks. 
oday, recognizing the smiles on the faces of my people, I will like to add one more ‘H’ to our model of 3H, and that is ‘Happiness’. 
Following second proviso shall be inserted after the existing proviso to clause (5) of section 43 by the Finance Act, 2018, w.e.f. 1-4-2019 : 
This icon will be visible when the extension can act on the current page. Activate this extension by clicking on the icon or by pressing% {EXTENSIONSHORTCUT}. 
Works such as improving the speed ​​of the internet in villages, extending the reach of fibre cables will also be done. 
The “Celebrating the Timeless” Collection contains photographs taken by the renowned photographer and donated by him in the form of CDs and DVDs. 
Under the scheme, subsidy up to Rs 10, 000 is given to an eligible household with loan up to Rs 40, 000 per household. 
With a deep sense of gratitude and heartfelt appreciation, the nation honours them today for their selfless devotion and exceptional service. 
Some people believe that, he was a Musalman by birth, and he learnt about Hindu religion in his youth from Swami Ramanand. 
This LDAP server may use an older version of LDAP, which does not support this functionality or it may be misconfigured. Ask your administrator for supported search bases. 
Then Ravana sends for Kumbakarna and tells him of his defeat and desires him to go to the battle - field and liquidate the enemy. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee congratulated DRDO on the successful test-firing of ‘Nirbhay’, India’s indigenously developed sub-sonic cruise missile. 
With the density of population in Bengaluru, it will only take half the area of Karnataka for the entire population of India. 
This is a step for development of domestic software industry and move towards India 2002 integrating IT with Government functioning and e - governance. 
In India communism and socialism are understood by relatively very few persons and most people who shout loudest against them are supremely ignorant about them. 
This decides the max size of the text part that can be formatted under Evolution. The default is 4MB / 4096 KB and is specified in terms of KB. 
When Gora admitted he could think of no solution, Mohim suggested Binoy 's name as if to rescue Gora from his difficulty. 
Especially, from 1857 to 1947, we can introduce every major or minor incident of this period to our new generation through stories. 
In the fourth volume of History of Aurangzib the scene of the Emperor 's political and military activities is shifted to South India. 
The Government approved the National e - Governance Plan (NeGP), comprising of 27 Mission Mode Projects (MMPs) and 8 components, on May 18, 2006. 
It is in this context that India at the last CHOGM held in Malta in November 2005 launched an Action Programme to bridge the digital divide within the Commonwealth. 
(c)  "recognised stock exchange" shall have the meaning assigned to it in clause (ii) of Explanation 1 to clause (5) of section 43. 
The storage during corresponding period of last year was 58% and average storage of last ten years during corresponding period was 69% of live storage capacity of these reservoirs. 
In 1953, only 1. 5 per cent of the total estimated hydro - electric potential of 35 million kW had been exploited. 
It may be stated in passing that Roy was not the only M. N. ROY channel through which the Kremlin and the Comintern were operating in India. 
Roy also wanted to write a social history of the Indian people dating from pre - Vedic times to the modern age. 
According to khuran, after muhammed no other prophet will come, but prophet jesus will live rest of his life on this earth. 
(iii)  the use of any patent, invention, model, design, secret formula or process or trade mark or similar property ; 
The war that broke out was a war amongst imperialist powers, Nazi Germany and fascist Italy on one side and England and France on the other. 
(i)  has been engaged in the business, in which the accumulated loss occurred or depreciation remains unabsorbed, for three or more years; 
Evolution checked for settings to import from the following applications: Pine, Netscape, Elm, iCalendar. No importable settings found. If you would like to try again, please click the "Back" button. 
The peak activity of the pest is generally during the dry months of March, April and May and it may extend if the monsoon is delayed. 
Enter the server which hosts the room, or leave it empty if the room is on the current account 's server 
The Northern Hill Zone This zone includes the hilly areas of Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Assam and Sikkim. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee addressed the Indian community in China at Guangzhou today (May 24, 2016), the opening day of his visit to China. 
We also saw three huge whales 15 to 20 m in length, spouting water through their blowholes high in the air. 
A National Strategic Task Force has been constituted to formulate a strategy for the National Cancer Control Programme for the Eleventh Five year Plan. 
Accerciser could not see the applications on your desktop. You must enable desktop accessibility to fix this problem. Do you want to enable it now? 
The Committee has expressed the opinion that Parliamentary legislation may continue to be in English but an authorised translation should be provided in Hindi. 
The prices have been displaying only moderate seasonal behaviour in recent years with prices slightly dipping during the peak arrival months - March to June. 
Description: This architectural stone fragment divided into six panels, three containing arched niches, two containing youth at windows, and one containing gana. 
(ii) in a case referred to in clause (b), in the year immediately following the period of eight years specified in sub-section (2) ; or 
It was known that Rammohun Roy too was teaching himself English at the turn of the century when he was nearing thirty. 
(iii) the value of any benefit or amenity granted or provided free of cost or at concessional rate in any of the following cases— 
The regulations are in the form of the Aircraft Act, 1934; the Aircraft Rules, 1937; the Civil Aviation Requirements; and the Aeronautical Information Circulars. 
He was elected President of the Congress for the fourth time on July 6, 1946 and again for three more terms from 1951 to 1954. 
According to him a true patriot would never boast about his country; on the contrary, he would find out the drawbacks and try to correct them. 
Enter the City name for the desired location. It might be easier to use the "Find City" location to choose your location from the list of predefined cities. 
Beauty is all very well at first sight; but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days? 
According to the ADB, the economy grew at 5. 7 per cent this year and is predicted to grow by 6 per cent next year. 
The production of finer yam above count 50 increased from 15 million Ib in the pre - war years to 88 million Ib in 1948. 
He is also the Chairman of Meghalaya State Agricultural Marketing Board, Vice Chairman of Meghalaya Small Farmers Agri - Business Consortium. 
It has a coastline of 7, 516 km with a total of 1, 197 island territories in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea. 
I am aware of this problem and I promise you that the long - stalled nuclear power programme will be restarted. 
I recall your visit to India in November 2013 and the warmth with which I was received in Vietnam in September 2014. 
Move the circle from the first line to the second and move two circles from the fourth line to the second and the fifth lines. 
He said that in Madhya Pradesh alone more than 50 thousand masons have been trained out of there are 9,000 lady masons. 
(j) a depository referred to in clause (e) of sub-section (1) of section 2 of the Depositories Act, 1996 (22 of 1996) ; or 
With my finger I tried tracing patterns on the frozen surface, and looked at the tiny perfectly shaped snow - flakes. 
The success has made India the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the red planet. 
(5) The incidental activities shall be the activities which are incidental to the core activities and which may be prescribed23 for the purpose. 
This information will be written to the disc using CD - Text technology. It can be read and displayed by some audio CD players. 
A thing acquired by violence can be retained by violence alone, while one acquired by truth can be retained only by truth. 
Her first space mission began on 19th November 1997 along with a six member space crew in the space shuttle Columbia - flight STS - 87. 
The earth 's average surface temperature has increased by 0. 3 - 0. 6 0C since the end of the 19th century. 
The healthy new wife bore him a son in the very year of his marriage, and he had a new mouth to feed and a new child to bring up. 
In fact, challenges will start appearing even before the development reaches the 100 mhm mark, i. e. even before the year 2020. 
The scope of marketing is very wide and can be understood in terms of three main functions of the entrepreneur, which include: - 
The demand for export in India is expected to rise to 7 million tonnes by the end of the Ninth Plan according to an earlier estimate. 
This site is using the Chromium Frame plug - in that will soon be unsupported. Please uninstall it and download a compatible browser. 
The focus of the centre is to make the SME sector more competitive in the global economic scene through integrated planning. 
Shri Modi said that the development of the people of Jammu and Kashmir is one of the biggest priorities of his government. 
The great World - Mother and her mighty will Inhabited the earth 's abysmal sleep, Voiceless, omnipotent, inscrutable, Mute in the desert and the sky and deep. 
In addition, four hovercrafts, two Fast Patrol Vessels, two Interceptor Boats, one Advanced Offshore Patrol Vessel, and additional seven Dornier would join the force by April 2002. 
A third version is that the Nizam is going to carry on his own administration without a Prime Minister which he did years ago. 
going to have be colored either true or false, blue or black, if we 're going to 3 color the whole graph. 
Sebastian del Cano, the closest associate of the departed leader, continued to voyage in the last of Magellan 's five ships, the Victoria, reaching Spain in 1522. 
The programme goes on to demonstrate the uses of radioactivity in various areas such as medicine, archaeology and other basic and applied sciences. 
His one real companion was a clerk in his father 's Motilal driving, with Munshi Mubarak All in - the back seat. office named Munshi Mubarak Ali. 
(iii)  "insurer" shall have the meaning assigned to it in clause (9) of section 2 of the Insurance Act, 1938 (4 of 1938); 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will visit Manipur on April 29, 2014 where he will attend the 14th Convocation of Manipur University. 
More information about Articles of Association (AOA) can be found in, a) The Companies Act, 1956 and b) The Legal Service of India 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee in his message on the occasion of birthday of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore has said: - 
The all - solid state lithium - iodine batteries are now widely used in digital electronic devices which require low power. 
If a month is repeated, the first time it has its ordinary name, whilst the second time they add before the name the word dm a to distinguish between them. 
Article 19 also gives a citizen the right of free speech but articles 105 and 194 lay special emphasis on the right of free speech of members of the legislatures. 
With a doubt that Bali must have sent those two braves to kill him, he sent Hanuman in brahman appearance to know about Ram and Laxman. 
Friends, under the Garib Kalyan Rojgar Abhiyan, 50 thousand crore rupees will be used for the development of your villages and to give you employment! 
Symptoms are those of decreased brain function, especially reduced alertness and confusion. In the earliest stages, subtle changes appear in logical thinking, personality, and behavior. 
(b) "recognised stock exchange" shall have the meaning assigned to it in clause (ii) of Explanation 1 to clause (5) of section 43; 
The issue is no longer that what the US can do for India but what the two countries can do together in the world. 
We have a shared future, and we should not forget that it can be achieved if we demonstrate a sense of responsibility and a show of unity. 
In India, the role and responsibility in respect to the weights and measures is shared between the Centre and the States. 
A servant came in at this point and announced that two young women from Poresh Babu 's house had come to call on Anandamoyi. 
The production of cereals for 2006 - 07 (final) was estimated to be higher at 203. 08 million tonnes as compared to 195. 2 million tonnes in 2005 - 06. 
Many people wonder if the emerging political leader Narendra Modi is a visionary and a statesman or a demagogue with excellent but manipulative oratory skills. 
(c) "Special Economic Zone" shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in clause (za) of section 2 of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005; 
Over the last two and a half years, we have worked relentlessly to realise India’s potential, and to set right the economy. 
There can be four types of FLPP accounts namely - PCO FLPP Account, PCO Local FLPP Account, General FLPP Prepaid Account and General FLPP Prepaid + Post paid Account. 
This India of tomorrow, achieved through inclusive growth, offers enormous opportunities for the youth of Kashmir if they only seize them. 
Between Adhwate and his next collection, there was a gap of full seven years and hence Adhwate as the name suggests, was truly a watershed in his career. 
While planning for the development of the region, the aspirations of the youth will also have to be taken care of. 
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind graced and addressed the 2nd convocation of AIIMS, Jodhpur today (December 7, 2019). 
Exports of raw jute fell from 8 lakh tons in 1929 - 30 to 6 lakh tons in 1930 - 31. 
We will strive hard to capture largest possible segment of this developing world market, while maintaining our national interests above all considerations. 
This initiative enables the citizens to access information on a whole range of e - Sampark services from their mobile phones by simply sending an SMS. 
Could not find a valid project backend for the given directory (% s). Please select a different directory, or try upgrading to a newer version of Anjuta. 
So Babur opened his campaigns of conquest against India and in the fifth invasion in 1526 defeated and killed Ibrahim Lodi and occupied Delhi. 
You tube awards video, more popular than “”most viewed“”, which is divided in four parts, today, this week, this month, all time are included in this. 
In fact, Valmiki 's Sita, while recounting to Anasuya the story of her wedding, says that she was just six years of age at her wedding. 
The encouraging steps in this direction notwithstanding, our country lags behind many others. India is ranked 76thin the Global Innovation Index 2014, much below China which is at the 29thposition. 
The Government of the State aims to deploy IT as an effective tool for catalysing its economic growth, efficient governance and human resource development. 
Event notification of% 1 is configured as part of the system - wide notification process. Click here, and you will be able to configure system sounds, etc. 
A Radio News Exchange Programme has been started with the members of the Asia - Pacific Broadcasting Union to broaden the news coverage. 
The Exchange server URL you provided is for an Exchange 5. 5 server. Evolution Connector for Microsoft Exchange supports Microsoft Exchange 2000 and 2003 only. 
Mohim brought out a pan - box, gave a couple of pans to Binoy and put the rest into his own mouth. 
This website does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you (like name, phone number or e-mail address), that allows us to identify you individually. 
(f) "public company" shall have the meaning assigned to it in section 39 of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956); 
The flight appears laboured and feeble with the long ungainly red legs dangling behind, but they can travel quite fast when well under way. 
Show the original "Date" header (with a local time only if the time zone differs). Otherwise always show "Date" header value in a user preferred format and local time zone. 
The first newspaper in India was the ‘Hickey’s Gazette’ or ‘Bengal Gazette’ started on January 29, 1780 by an Irishman, James Augustus Hickey. 
Lucknow: The goings on in the ruling BJP in Uttar Pradesh suggest there is little need for an opposition in the state. 
The Indian Road Development Committee recommended in 1928 the setting up of a central road fund, which came into being the following year. 
Posting to this mailing list is not allowed. Possibly, this is a read - only mailing list. Contact the list owner for details. 
In his message, the President said, "I learned, with great sadness, of the passing of H.E. Mr. Lee Kuan Yew, former Prime Minister and Founding Father of Singapore. 
For the larger public, registration and sign up on MyGov can be done through your valid email ID and your 10-digit Mobile number. 
Six persons representing the Government of the principal tea growing states namely, Assam, West Bengal, Tripura, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Himachal Pradesh. 
Unable to upload the configuration file to CUPS server. You probably do n 't have the access permissions to perform this operation. 
Explanation 1.—For the purposes of sub-clauses (v) and (vi), "immovable property" shall have the same meaning as in clause (d) of section 269UA. 
If set to true, then Nautilus browser windows will always use a textual input entry for the location toolbar, instead of the pathbar. 
MoU has been signed between the National Knowledge Network (NKN), Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) and GLORIAD (The Global ring network for advanced applications development). 
The government has not only increased the number of countries which are part of the e-Visa scheme, but significantly reduced the taxes on hotel room tariff. 
India deeply values its close and friendly relations with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which are anchored in shared interests and extensive people-to-people contacts. 
The encouraging steps in this direction notwithstanding, our country lags behind many others. India is ranked 76thin the Global Innovation Index 2014, much below China which is at the 29thposition. 
Some of the projects undertaken by the Department in Africa include Kofi Annan Centre of Excellence in ICT at Accra, Ghana; Cyber City Project at Ebene, Mauritius. 
Unable to open the selected audio device for playing. In case it is a pluggable device it may be sufficient to reconnect it. If not, or if it still is not accessible, please check your audio setup, the permissions and that the device is not busy. 
They quoted the example of Philippines, East India, Burma and Malaya where people had been given home rule, by extending which to the Andamans they would achieve their ultimate object of establishing co - prosperity in South East Asia. 
Starting as a marginal liner shipping company with just 19 vessels, the SCI (as on 30. 11. 2007) owns and operates 79 vessels of a total Gross Tonnage (GT) of 27. 30 lakhs [47. 59 lakhs Dead Weight Tonnage (DWT)]. 
At the beginning, all videos was not available on i phone, because they are not recorded in H. 264, there are two formats of each YouTube video, high bandwidth for using one Wi - Fi and following resolve for using 3G or EDGE. 
Shrimp continued to be major item of India 's exports in value (55%), followed by frozen fish (17%), Frozen Cuttlefish (9%), Frozen Squid (7%) and other items. European Union remained India' s largest market with a percentage share of 34% followed by Japan (16. 1%), USA (16. 03%) and China (14%). 
What happened then was that one of the big boys hurled a large stone with all his strength at the tree, but instead of hitting the fruit it hit the Raja on his forehead. 
On perusal of record, it transpires that as per the case of prosecution PW - 6 Mehboob Ali was admittedly present at the spot of occurrence and he had a better chance to witness the details of the occurrence. 
Trekking is a sport with unlimited possibilities for people who want to take risks every day, confront any type of hurdle and have the zeal to do something in their lives. 
It is true, as was pointed out in a famous speech made on this very day 69 years ago by Pandit Nehru that in a nation’s history, moments come when we step out from the old to the new, when the soul of a nation finds utterance. 
The production of platinum is highly dependent on South Africa 's production with 2009 output from South Africa, Russia, USA and Zimbabwe estimated to be 4. 7 million ouces, 0. 74, 0. 25 and 0. 33 million ounces respectively. 
In contrast, Abdel - Hakim Belhaj (b. 1966), Tripoli 's military leader, went to Afghanistan in 1988 to fight the Soviets, served as leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group, was arrested in 2004 by the CIA which turned him over to Qaddafi, who jailed him until 2010. 
In his message toHis Excellency Mr. Emomali Rahmon, the President of the Republic of Tajikistan, the President has said, "On behalf of the Government and the people of India and on my own behalf, it gives me great pleasure to convey warm greetings and felicitations to Your Excellency and to the friendly people of Tajikistan on the occasion of the 24th anniversary of your Independence Day. 
The Calcutta Congress also resolved that if the British Government did not accept the Nehru Report by the end of 1929, at the next Lahore session the Congress would give a call for a new civil disobedience campaign. 
More than 400 enterprises, including 300+ Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) in the foam manufacturing sector and 6 large air-conditioning manufacturing enterprises will be supported under HPMP­II for conversion from HCFCs to non-HCFC technologies. 
The object of the expedition was to complete the survey of the coastal Patagonia and Terra del Fuego in the southern part of South America and to carry on a chain of measurements around the world. 
Provided also that in the case of the Proclamation issued under clause (1) on the 11th day of May, 1987 with respect to the State of Punjab, the reference in the first proviso to this clause to “three years” shall be construed as a reference to 3[five years]. 
A curtain raiser of the Swachh Bharat Anthem was also presented by Shri Babul Supriyo, MoS for Urban Development, Shri Prasoon Joshi, Shri Shankar Mahadevan, Shri Ehsaan Noorani and Shri Loy Mendosa on the occasion. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee presented the Standing Conference of Public Enterprises (SCOPE) Excellence Awards in New Delhi today (April 11, 2016) on the occasion of the 7th Public Sector Day. 
Production of rice and wheat were also higher at 93. 35 million tonnes and 75. 81 million tonnes during 2006 - 07 as compared to 91. 79 million tonnes and 69. 35 million tonnes respectively in the previous year. 
According to it, in the last years of Appa Rao 's life his weight was no more than 73 pounds; when he was younger by twenty years, it ranged between a mere 81 and 84 pounds. 
A list of strings that come in the form of a quintuple: name, wins, total games played, best time (in seconds) and worst time (also in seconds). Unplayed games do not need to be represented. 
In the last four years programmes of commercial channels operating from outside India have been available for some sections of the population, but Doordarshan has retained more than 50 per cent of the total viewership in urban areas and more than 90 per cent of the viewership in the rural areas in most of the States. 
Your system uses an ARM CPU that is older than the ARMv6 architecture. All packages in karmic were built with optimizations requiring ARMv6 as the minimal architecture. It is not possible to upgrade your system to a new Ubuntu release with this hardware. 
The All - India average consumption of fertilizers has also registered an increase in 2006 - 07 over 2005 - 06 from 104. 5 kg / ha to 112. 76 kg / ha. 
The search scope defines how deep you would like the search to extend down the directory tree. A search scope of "Subtree" will include all entries below your search base. A search scope of "One Level" will only include the entries one level beneath your search base. 
Purpose in education must come from the recognition of existing goals of human life, from the observation that consciously or unconsciously people are already advancing toward something in their own living. 
Images over this size (in bytes) won 't be thumbnailed. The purpose of this setting is to avoid thumbnailing large images that may take a long time to load or use lots of memory. 
Biography and Autobiography Five volumes of his Autobiography and seventeen other volumes of full - fledged biographies and collections of biographical sketches form another major part of Rahul 's literary prose writings. 
The speciality of the human life is that it has the power of the mind. The knowledge incorporated in the Upanishads is the ultimate state of the mindonly, and also there is a flashing narration of what a human can experience beyond the boundaries of this knowledge. 
Lying there banished, glowing with shamelessness, is the bloated child of gesture politics, or the test - tube pro - duct of political correctness, with a reduced blackmarket value of merely Rs 1 lakh. 
On August 7th and 8th, 1942, in Bombay the All - India Congress Committee considered and debated in public the resolution, which has since come to be known as the 'Quit India Resolution.' 
It is for this reason that we have proposed a new initiative aimed at intensification of G - 15 linkages in the areas of biotechnology, information and communication technology and infrastructure. 
Its Philadelphia chapter is holding a press conference on March 17 at which it plans “to announce the launch of a nationwide campaign to challenge anti - Islam bias in a series of children 's books that the Washington - based Muslim civil rights group says promote' hostility toward Islam and suspicion of Muslims'. ” < s > The FPRI logo. 
. despription of penis: 1 - urinal bladder 2. thies 3. sperm box 4 uniral tube 5. top portion of penis 6. movable skin of penis 7 path of uniral 8. cell of penis 9 cells 10 sperm 11. 
Fluorosis is the term used to describe a chalky, whitish speckling of teeth which may occasionally occur if a child swallows too much fluoride during the early stages of tooth development. 
Mirror: Mirror is used in a solar cooker to increase the radiation input on the absorbing space and is fixed on the inner side of the main cover of the box. 
For example, in Jamaica, an AT & T customers discounted international services will have to pay anything extra for the 65 husband - minute service providers differentiate their sales while focusing on national sales regional sales Kanderia do something for example, Jamaika 's national phone C & W (only and wireless) to replace the company Wahi B - mobile customers at fixed periods, but international calls will be paying more on the price difference is caused mainly because of currency Parivrthana SIM purchase is in local currency competition in such services in the U. S. do not exist because some major service providers offer the service does not get paid when you (when you go Bugtan requirements model T Mobile rumor, verizon offers a not AT & T 12 / 2008) 
Her Pher Trickery is the story of the wife of a novelist who, searching for a pen - knife for her son, happens to put her hand in her husband 's pocket and finds to her surprise some slips on which is written a very sentimental love - letter. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee received the Hindi, English, Urdu and Gujarati translations of thebook ‘CHARAIVETI, CHARAIVETI’,originally written in Marathi by Shri Ram Naik, Governor of Uttar Pradesh at a function held at Rashtrapati Bhavantoday (November 9, 2016). 
If activated and no image is loaded in the active window, the file chooser will display the user 's pictures folder using the XDG special user directories. If deactivated or the pictures folder has not been set up, it will show the current working directory. 
These developments suggest what the prime minister of Malaysia, Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, has called a “huge chasm” between the Muslim world and the West. Or, in the more bellicose wording of the influential Sunni imam Youssef al - Qaradawi, “We must tell Europeans, we can live without you. But you cannot live without us. ” 
During 2000 - 2001 the Corporation made payments of Rs 1, 910. 91 crore under death claim cases, Rs 9, 757. 53 crore under maturity claims and Rs 647. 02 crore under annuities. 
Closing this composer window will discard the message permanently, unless you choose to save the message in your Drafts folder. This will allow you to continue the message at a later date. 
Scope: The scope of initiative includes support for solar oriented fundamental research for solar devices, sub-systems and systems, the initiative supports feasibility assessment of fresh ideas/ concepts,including various emerging and disruptive technologies, for their potential conversion into useful technology/ product. 
(10) (bb) In article 249, in clause (1), for the words “any matter enumerated in the State List specified in the resolution”, the words “any matter specified in the resolution, being a matter which is not enumerated in the Union List or in the Concurrent List” shall be substituted. 
The secretion of both the female sex hormones estrogens and male sex hormones androgens reduces gradually over the age span fifty to ninety years. 
If you have less than 3, 000 pound you will not have to pay anything except any income support or attendance allowance you can claim which will go towards the costs. 
The length of time, in milliseconds, to delay between taking each photo in a burst sequence of photos. If the burst delay is less than the countdown duration, the countdown duration will be used instead. 
It is important that India starts making its own equipment that not only serves to provide affordable healthcare but also sets up India as a medical technology hub as part of the Make in India initiative. 
Already a state - of - the - art Thomson - CSF air surveillance radar with a range of 200 nautical miles has been installed by the Indian Navy to monitor traffic north of the Landfall Islands. 
Clicking on the link above will cause a window to appear showing the KDE IceWM theme folder. You can add or remove native IceWM themes by uncompressing http: / / icewm. themes. org / theme files into this folder, or by creating folder symlinks to existing IceWM themes on your system. 
Benjamin Netanyahu promised before his election in 1996 that under his leadership, Israel “will never descend from the Golan. ” In 1998, however, as I established in The New Republic and Bill Clinton just confirmed in his memoirs, Netanyahu changed his mind and planned to offer Damascus the entire Golan in return for a peace treaty. 
The men play musical instruments like the dhol (double-headed drum), pepa (horn-pipes) and flutes, while the young women usually dance in a circle with their hands placed above their hips with the palms facing outwards. 
But to light a regular shadow screen if it is not bigger than 4 'in length then one tube light or one 100 w. bulb hanging above the head of the performer serves the purpose. 
Determines whether to lookup the sender email in address book. If found, it shouldn 't be a spam. It looks up in the books marked for autocompletion. It can be slow, if remote address books (like LDAP) are marked for autocompletion. 
Thirty - two communists were involved in the conspiracy and all except Hutch - inson, a British subject, and M. N. Roy were arrested in March, 1929 and kept in jail custody throughout the trial. 
Player Bells is a player for England, he is important for england as well as bells team, there are several state 's players in the west indies team karebian, particularly barbodoes, guena, jameica, trinidad or tobegose or libard island or bidbird island players are there. 
The word is derived from the Greek word ‘massier’ which means to kneed, from French "friction of kneading", or from Arabic massa meaning "to touch, feel or handle" or from Latin massa meaning "mass, dough”. 
In due course of time, the tension rose further and efforts for domination increased. Then, Germany and Italy made Rome - Berlin Axis. Germany and Japan made an anti comintern Pact which was to act against China and USSR. In year 1940, Italy also joined this pact. 
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will lay the foundation stone of Light House Projects (LHPs) under Global Housing Technology Challenge-India (GHTC-India) at six sites across six States on 1st January 2021 at 11 AM via video conferencing. 
Totally he published 14 lectures (discourses), more than 300 novels, 3 plays, 10 translation work, 7 children 's book, and thousands of pages of articles, reports, speeches, compositions, letters, but he attained reputation and status in lectures (discourses) and stories, which he could not get in other facets. 
Explanation.—For the purposes of this clause, "senior citizen" means an individual resident in India who is of the age of sixty years or more at any time during the relevant previous year;'. 
Since 1960, the 750 and 580 million years was mind here in the middle of serious Galasial action Nioproterojoik Doran Adhinkash surface mail in an ice sheet has been asked Himagolah Phrudhvi this hypothesis, and is of particular interest here because the multi - cellular Hiya broadcast format Cambrian explosion when life here (cambrian explosion) happened before. 
Over the last three seasons she has grown the following varieties: 99001, ADT - 39, and improved White Ponni using the following inputs: FYM (five cartloads), EM (Effective Microorganisms), Amirthakaraisal, Vermicompost (own) 500 kg, as well as chemical fertilizers (Urea 25 kg, Phosphorous 25 kg, Potash 25 kg and bio - fertilizers and Pseudomonas). 
During the last stages of his life, on 7th August, 1941, when he was being taken to Kolkatta from Shantiniketan for the treatment, then his grand - daughter asked him did he know that a new power house was being built at their place. 
Scope: The scope of initiative includes support for solar oriented fundamental research for solar devices, sub-systems and systems, the initiative supports feasibility assessment of fresh ideas/ concepts,including various emerging and disruptive technologies, for their potential conversion into useful technology/ product. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Government and people ofthe Republic of Maldives on the eve of their Republic Day (November 11, 2014). 
The countries represented on the Coordinating Committee are India, Indonesia, Vietnam, DPR Korea, Kuwait, Syria, Mongolia, Bahrain, Afghanistan, India 2002 Lebanon and Oman frcm Asia; Angola, Algeria, Burkina Faso, Congo, Ethiopia, Egypt, Ghana, Guinea - Bissau, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Senegal, Sudan, Tanzania, Tunisia and Zambia from Africa; Yugoslavia from Europe; and Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Surinam and Venezuela from Latin America. 
Note: In order to be able to use Mozilla (Firefox) or Apple Webkit as renders you need firefox or webkit devel package installed and evolution - rss should be recompiled to see those packages. 
Two books can be borrowed at a time for a period of 14 days, which can be extended for another 14 days either by phone, or by post or by personal visit. 
The steel targets in the Fourth Plan sought to raise the aggregate capacity of the integrated steel plants from 8. 9 million tonnes ingots and 6. 7 million tonnes - LRB - saleable steel - RRB - in 1968 - 69 to 12 million tonnes ingot and 9 million tonnes - LRB - saleable steel - RRB - in 1973 - 74. 
The service is listed here because it has been associated with the% 1 (% 2) file type and files of type% 3 (% 4) are per definition also of type% 5. 
The most important being the announcement of the 'Auto Policy' of 2002, which aims to establish a globally competitive automotive industry in India and double its contribution to the economy by 2010. 
Encode file names in the mail headers same as Outlook or GMail do, to let them display correctly file names with UTF - 8 letters sent by Evolution, because they do not follow the RFC 2231, but use the incorrect RFC 2047 standard. 
More than 3.5 lakh poor patients are availing these Jan Aushadhicentres every day and due to cheap medicines at these centres, the poor are saving spending of Rs. 3600 crores approximately every year. 
Earlier, on 8th March 2019, Prime Minister inaugurated the Agra Metro project along with the commencement of commercial operations of Lucknow Metro on the entire 23 km long North-South corridor from ‘CCS Airport to Munshipulia’. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will present the National Florence Nightingale Awards to nursing personnel tomorrow (May 12, 2015) at Rashtrapati Bhavan on the occasion of International Nurses Day. 
(6) Where a firm is succeeded to by a company in the business carried on by it as a result of which the firm sells or otherwise transfers to the company any land on which development allowance has been allowed, the provisions of clauses (a) and (b) of sub-section (5) shall, so far as may be, apply to the firm and the company. 
Report device activity times. If this setting is set to True, enrolled devices will report time periods when a user is active on the device. If this setting is not set or set to False, device activity times will not be recorded or reported. 
This option tells Konqueror whether to ask for a confirmation when you "delete" a file. Move To Trash: moves the file to your trash folder, from where it can be recovered very easily. Delete: simply deletes the file. 
These possess powers, senses, capacities which are always secretly acting in us, are connected with and impinge upon our physical The Planes of Our Existence 455 organs and the plexuses of our physical life and mentality. 
ODONATA, dragonflies and damselflies: The adult has two pairs of net - veined wings, short inconspicuous antennae, but truly enormous eyes, specialized for spotting tiny flies, mosquitoes, gnats, etc while flying in the air. 
European Union, India, Japan, Canada and Turkey are the major importers with imports of 2, 00, 000 tonnes, 45, 000 tonnes, 21, 000 tonnes, 19, 000 tonnes and 14, 000 tonnes in 2008 - 09. 
There shall be a - representative of the UGC on the Executive Council of the NAF. 11 This Memorandum of Understanding will be valid upto the end of the 9th plan period commencing from April 1, 1997, till March 31, 2002. 
Most serious, though, is his limiting the “radical Islamic empire” (or caliphate) to just the Spain - to - Indonesia region, for Islamists have a global vision that requires control over non - Muslim countries too - and specifically the United States. Their universal ambitions certainly can be stopped, but first they must be understood and resisted. Only when Americans realize that the Islamists intend to replace the U. S. Constitution with Shariah will they enter the fourth and final era of this war. 
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi shall dedicate to the nation the historic Kosi Rail Mahasetu (mega bridge) to the Nation through video-conference at 12 Noon on the 18th of September 2020. 
Though in July 2006 the company has opened up that more than 100 million videos are watched every day and 25 billion videos were watched in June 2006. 50000 videos are being added up, in May every day 50000 videos are added up daily and in July it has been increased to 65000, in January 2008 itself almost 79 billion users had made 3 trillion videos and added them to the site. 
Thus he came to pledge himself not to take more than five articles of diet a day inclusive of any medicine that may have to be taken and never to eat after dark. 
These elements or functions include, promoting and marketing the product produced by the firm; making the product available to prospective consumers through proper distribution channels; managing the accounts and finances of the firm; protecting its intellectual property, etc. 
The period of high growth in India from 2003 - 04 to 2007 - 08 was accompanied by considerable diversification in its export basket and its export destinations with countries in Asia and Africa gaining ground relatively over USA and Europe. 
The total trade between our economies stood at nearly one billion US Dollars in 2013 - 14 which, I must say, is not a true reflection of the relative size of our economies and, indeed, of the potential for economic and commercial exchanges that exists. 
Mumbai also has two Metropolitan courts, the Small Causes Court and the TADA (Terrorist and Disruptive Activities) Court - that who spread terrorism and caught under these provisions, the trial is conducted here. 
It is, however, necessary for Government to be vigilant and stay tuned to the demand in the existing markets in the developed countries as well as in emerging markets in Latin America, North America and Europe. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Government and people of the Republic of Moldova on the eve of their National Day (August 27, 2015). 
Only around 7 per cent of those aged between 18 - 24 years join higher education in India, while it is 21 per cent in Germany and 34 per cent in the US. 
Specifies the name of the default search provider. If left empty or not set, the host name specified by the search URL will be used. This policy is only considered if the 'DefaultSearchProviderEnabled' policy is enabled. 
It is because of all this in the sumtotal that, using the words of Brandes on the Norwegian writer Bjornson, we might say of Bezbaroa: 'the mention of his name in a gathering of his countrymen is like running up the national flag'. 
It is my pleasure to extend an invitation to Norwegian businesses to participate in the 2nd India - Central Europe Business Forum to be held in India in the first quarter of 2015. 
(ii)  "cost of the transferred asset" means the aggregate of the cost of acquisition (as ascertained for the purposes of sections 48 and 49) of the capital asset which is the subject of the transfer and the cost of any improvement thereto within the meaning assigned to that expression in *sub-clause (b) of †clause (1) of section 55; 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee hosted an ‘At Home’ reception for freedom fighters on the occasion of the 74th anniversary of the Quit India Movement today (August 9, 2016) at the Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
A full - length play, two incomplete ones, five short stories out of which one is in English, a small bunch of poems and songs, a tiny nosegay of essays and that was about all. 
It is God - realisation and God - expression which is the object of our Yoga and more especially of its dynamic side, it is a divine self - expression in us of the Ishwara, but under the conditions of humanity and through the divinised human nature. 
On the occasion, the President honoured and felicitated freedom fighters from across the country in the presence of the Vice President Mohammad Hamid Ansari; Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi; Speaker of Lok Sabha Smt. Sumitra Mahajan; former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh; Union Minister for Home Affairs Shri Rajnath Singh and other dignitaries. 
In additional to this, justice, education, treatment, astrology, war craft, Yoga science, economics, science of construction, science of craft, science of sex, Astronomy and science of law are elaborated in this poem 
They have powers to investigate complaints about false or misleading prices, inaccurate measures, consumer credit and - LRB - except in Northern Ireland - RRB - the safety of consumer goods. 
Excellency, during your recent visit to New Delhi for the India-Africa Forum Summit, and your meeting with Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, various possibilities of furtherance of our bilateral relations were discussed. 
(B) in Explanation 4, for the words, brackets and figures "the Explanation to clause (38) of section 10", the words, brackets, letters and figures "clause (a) of the Explanation to section 112A" shall be substituted. 
If the movement is linear, that is along a straight line, we can have movement only along a specific straight line and we can reach points only on this straight line. 
Coal prices, among the lowest in the world even at the best of times, however, remained depressed and the value of the output, having touched the all - time high at Rs 13 crores in 1921, declined to Rs 8 crores in 1931 and further to Rs 6 crores in 1936. 
Demonstration of how the Information Infrastructure can be effectively exploited to develop software - intensive systems in the context of virtual corporations, electronic governance and mobile computing, as well as to trade trusted software components. 
This section of the novel contains beautiful descriptions of the thick forests of the Blue Hills, and the variety of creatures that inhabit it, such as the cuddly little tree - dwelling bear called ramdas. 
Many email systems add an Apparently - To header to messages that only have BCC recipients. This header, if added, will list all of your recipients to your message anyway. To avoid this, you should add at least one To: or CC: recipient. 
The default color for function number 7. Please note that this color setting only affects empty functions, so if you have defined a function at number 1 and you change color for that number here, the setting will be shown next time you define a new function at number 1. 
The project is too large for the disc and you must remove files from it. You may want to use this option if you 're using 90 or 100 min CD - R (W) which cannot be properly recognized and therefore needs the overburn option. Note: This option might cause failure. 
These elections were held in the immediate aftermath of the devaluation of the Indian rupee in 1966 and at a time when the food crisis was at its worst(the fruits of the Green Revolution would start accruing only after 1969). 
In the main board area, a set of objects is displayed. In the vertical box (at the left of the main board) another set of objects is shown, each object in the group on the left matching exactly one object in the main board area. This game challenges you to find the logical link between these objects. How do they fit together? Drag each object to the correct red space in the main area. 
There are things that we don 't want to happen but have to accept, things we don' t want to know but have to learn, and people we can 't live without but have to let go. It is nature' s nature. 
Snack items that are popular throughout Kerala include: the famous banana chips, Pazham Pori (sweet banana fritters), Unniappam (deep fried snack made of rice flour and jaggery) and Ela Ada (rice flour with a filling of jaggery and grated coconut, further wrapped in banana leaf and steamed). 
Now, attack by dragging from the attacking country and droping to the attacked one or choose another action by using the right mouse click. Note that moving armies is the last action of a turn. 
(j) "reporting accounting year" means the accounting year in respect of which the financial and operational results are required to be reflected in the report referred to in [sub-sections (2) and (4)]; 
He stated that National excellence in the millennium shall be determined by the extent to which the Information Technology can deliver its potential in Local Languages which implies appropriate representation of at least 18 of our constitutional languages with 10 scripts and over 1650 dialects in the digital world. 
Life still offers not only the loveliness of the world but also the exciting adventure of fresh and never ceasing discoveries, of new panoramas opening out and new ways of living, adding to its fullness and ever making it richer and more complete. 
These cover you if you send payment in advance for goods in response to an advertisement, and the firm goes out of business before you get the goods or a refund. 
His physical being will be one with all material Nature, his vital being with the life of the universe, his mind with the cosmic mind, his spiritual knowledge and will with the divine knowledge and will both in itself and as it pours itself through these channels, his spirit with the one spirit in all beings. 
Notwithstanding anything in clause (1), for a period of fifteen years from the commencement of this Constitution, the English language shall continue to be used for all the official purposes of the Union for which it was being used immediately before such commencement: 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Government and people of the Republic of Ghanaon the eve of their National Day (March 6, 2016). 
(iii) the expression "rate of tax of the said country" means income-tax and super-tax actually paid in the said country in accordance with the corresponding laws in force in the said country after deduction of all relief due, but before deduction of any relief due in the said country in respect of double taxation, divided by the whole amount of the income as assessed in the said country; 
Minimum Salary Requirement for Indian IT Professionals Australian contention is that the current minimum salary of A $59, 480 for Indian IT professionals is lower than the lowest medium salary of A $62, 400 paid by Australia. 
Speaking at the concluding session, the President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, said that India has set itself for sustainable development as it strives to eliminate poverty and become a middle-income country. 
More cards matched this query than either the server is configured to return or Evolution is configured to display. Please make your search more specific or raise the result limit in the directory server preferences for this address book. 
The President of Sri Lanka, H.E Mr. Gotabaya Rajapaksa and the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka, H.E. Mr Mahinda Rajapaksa called Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi earlier today to convey warm wishes on the occasion of the Prime Minister’s birthday. 
There is good news to report: The idea that “militant Islam is the problem, moderate Islam is the solution” is finding greater acceptance over time. But there is also bad news, namely growing confusion over who really is a moderate Muslim. This means that the ideological side of the war on terror is making some, but only limited, progress. 
मुख्य बोर्ड क्षेत्रमा वस्तुहरूको सेट प्रदर्शित हुन्छ। ठाडो बाकसमा (मुख्य बोर्डको बाँयामा) वस्तुहरूको अर्को सेट देखाइएको छ, बाँयामा रहेको समुहमा प्रत्येक वस्तु मुख्य बोर्ड क्षेत्रमा ठ्याक्कै एउटा वस्तुसँग मेल खान्छ। यस खेलले तपाइँलाई यी वस्तुहरूबिच तार्किक
It can command 4 - 5 hectares of pomegranate orchard with cost benefit ratio of more than 2 and may prove to be a boon in farms where water and land are available but the area is devoid of electrical power. 
It is the World’s Largest Street Light Replacement Programme, which is being implemented by the Energy Efficiency Services Limited (EESL), a joint venture under the Ministry of Power, Government of India. 
Here you can choose on which date your calendar should start. The selected date will be the first day of the inserted calendar. You can also choose a date from a calendar dialog by pressing Select Date. 
Pakistani law enforcement also recognizes who engages in this violence and why. “We are investigating whether there is an anti - Christian gang operating in Karachi, made up of jihadis, ” the city 's chief investigator explains. 
They describe it as alternately knowing and not knowing, as not knowing enpraxei actually - , and as knowing en dunamei potentially, gaining knowledge by acquisition. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has conveyed warm felicitations to H.E. Mr. Enrique Pena Nieto on his election and assumption of office as the President of the United Mexican States. 
I have met and spoken to hundreds of thousands of our brothers and sisters during my travels abroad  to the US, the UK, Australia, South Africa, UAE, Qatar, Singapore, Fiji, China, Japan, South Korea, Kenya, Mauritius, Seychelles, and Malaysia. 
During his trip, a new book which exposed embarrassing details of the role of Chinese leaders, including Li, during the ruthless Tianamen Square crackdown of 1989 was released in the US. 
Initial maximize state of the "Filter Editor" window. The value updates when the user maximizes or unmaximizes the window. Note, this particular value is not used by Evolution since the "Filter Editor" window cannot be maximized. This key exists only as an implementation detail. 
For export, hands are cut into units of 4 - 16 fingers, graded for both length and girth, and carefully placed in polylined boxes to hold different weight depending on export requirements. 
Explanation 1.—The expression "accumulated profits", wherever it occurs in this clause, shall not include capital gains arising before the 1st day of April, 1946, or after the 31st day of March, 1948, and before the 1st day of April, 1956. 
It would mean that the Indian pharma industry has to focus more on R & D, so as to enable India to maintain its status in the world pharma market and move ahead to become a global leader. 
fit for their purposes, including any particular purpose mentioned by you to the seller - for example, if you are buying a computer game and explain that you want one which can be played on a particular type of machine, the seller must not give you one that cannot; 
468 districts of 16 States (AP, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Haryana, Jharkhand, Karnataka, MP, Maharashtra, Orissa, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, UP and West Bengal) will be covered under NFSM - Pulses. 
Actually man is not content solely with living in the present, though it is that he does with the most pressing vividness and insistence: he is moved to look before and after, to know as much as he can of the past and try to penetrate as far as he can, however obscurely, into the future. 
Keep relative target path for installing it. By example if you have a program subdir / app installed in bin directory it will be installed in bin / subdir / app not in bin / app. 
In the begining all videos were not available on IPhone as all the videos were not recorded on H. 264 every YouTube video is dual, one for use in Y Phone on high bandwith and EDGE or for 3G use low bandwith. 
(i) with respect to any of the matters which under clause (3) of article 16, clause (3) of article 32, article 33 and article 34 may be provided for by law made by Parliament; and 
The more liberal expressions were the Brahma Sabha, later known as Brahmo Samaj, founded by Rammohun Roy in Bengal in 1828, the Prarthana Samaj which began in Bombay in 1867 and the teaching of Ramakrishna Paramahansa 1834 - 86. 
Besides, the large organised retail segment, using sophisticated technology and communication network, offers several benefits to the consumers in the form of availability of quality products at lower prices; wider choice to the customers; shopping with convenience, space and entertainment; etc. 
In his message, the President has said, "On the joyous occasion of Diwali, I convey warm greetings and good wishes to all my fellow countrymen in India and around the world. 
Speaking at the concluding session, the President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, said that India has set itself for sustainable development as it strives to eliminate poverty and become a middle-income country. 
In 1986 the share of the former was down to 15 per cent while that of the latter was up at 39. 3 per cent and the rest of the capacity was from a new generation above 1, 000 TPD plants. 
Library Committee: The Library Committee which is a joint committee of the two Houses consists of six members of Lok Sabha including the Deputy Speaker nominated by the Speaker and three members of the Rajya Sabha nominated by its Chairman. 
Ram learns about the abduction of Sita by Ravana after meeting Jatayu while searching for her. He explains how Ravana decapitated him and states that Ravana had headed in the Southern direction. 
Explanation.—The provisions of Explanation 1 and Explanation 2 to sub-section (3) of section 80-IA shall apply for the purposes of clause (ii) of this sub-section as they apply for the purposes of clause (ii) of that sub-section. 
The GNOME Web Browser is free software; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. 
During his stay at Dacca, the Physics Department had developed special facilities for research work in X - ray spectroscopy, X - ray diffraction, magnetic properties of matter, optical spectros - copy including Raman spectra, wireless, etc. 
A sum of Rs 2. 71 crore and Rs 4. 31 crore was released to the state governments as grant - in - aid during 1999 - 2000 and 2000 - 01 respectively. 
Some of the selected songs are suitable for creating DTS tracks. This type of audio CD track provides a higher quality of sound but can only be played by specific digital players. Note: if you agree, normalization will not be applied to these tracks. 
For the sake of argument, let us assume the May 2005 NIE was correct, in which sixteen U. S. intelligence agencies assessed “with high confidence that Iran currently is determined to develop nuclear weapons. ” Let us also assume there are three possible American responses to the Iranian nuclear buildup: 
The default color for function number 9. Please note that this color setting only affects empty functions, so if you have defined a function at number 1 and you change color for that number here, the setting will be shown next time you define a new function at number 1. 
The project is too large for the disc and you must remove files from it. You may want to use this option if you 're using 90 or 100 min CD - R (W) which cannot be properly recognized and therefore needs the overburn option. Note: This option might cause failure. 
A bug report detailing your software crash has been sent to GNOME. This information will allow the developers to understand the cause of the crash and prepare a solution for it. You may be contacted by a GNOME developer if more details are required about the crash. You can view your bug report and follow its progress with this URL: 
the gender ratio here was 774 females per 1000 males in coastal areas, 826 males in suburbs and 811 in Greater Mumbai, which was less than the national ratio of 933. 
It is India 's mastery in cloth - making and the urge to compete with Indian cloth, which triggered off the invention of the spinning jenny, which in turn was the starting point of the Industrial Revolution. 
It was cold blanched in 10% NaCl containing 0. 5% citric acid for 10 minutes and smoked at 45 ° C for two hours and given a partial drying for one hour. 
The trigger key is used for fast insertion of the snippet. Type the trigger key in the editor, followed by the "Fast Insert" shortcut to insert a snippet. Warning: Must be unique per language. 
The two scholars were Prof. Pischell, a great German scholar, who was two have delivered lectures on the Philology of the Prakrit languages, and Dr. Theodre Bloch, another eminent scholar, who was due to speak on early Indian History. 
It is rumoured that it is likely that one Laik Ali, an industrial magnate of this place, will be sent to Delhi for the purpose of negotiations, as he is an out and out League man. 
These include Maulvi Noor Mohammed Saqib, chief justice in the Taliban regime, his deputy Maulvi Musajam - both believed to be in Peshawar - as well as seven ministers, two provincial governors and two top police and intelligence officials. 
The Shipping Policy Committee of 1947 had recommended a target of two million tons to be achieved in the following five to seven years to carry cargo amounting to more than 10 million tons a year and about 3 million passengers. 
Whether to check for new messages in all active accounts regardless of the account "Check for new messages every X minutes" option when Evolution is started. This option is used only together with 'send _ recv _ on _ start' option. 
But later when he was told that it was going to be a seven - day whirlwind trip with the condition that after their return home, they were supposed to speak about their Chinese experience, Bose withdrew. 
Prompts you for a file name and queues the contents of the file for speaking. You must click the Resume button before the job will be speakable. The job will be spoken by the topmost Talker in the Talkers tab. 
The industry group ‘Radio, TV and communication equipment & apparatus’ has shown the highest positive growth of 32.2 percent followed by 23.2 percent in ‘Electrical machinery & apparatus n.e.c.’ as well as in ‘Motor vehicles, trailers and semi-trailers’. 
Log level (LogLevel) Controls the number of messages logged to the ErrorLog file and can be one of the following: debug2: Log everything. debug: Log almost everything. info: Log all requests and state changes. warn: Log errors and warnings. error: Log only errors. none: Log nothing. ex: info 
In a meeting of the Chief Ministers and Finance Ministers of the States held on 5 July 2001, the decision to introduce VAT in place of Sales - tax with effect from 1 April 2002 has been reiterated. 
Immediately after his release from prison, Nirmal Bose received a letter from Khurshedben on 3 October, 1945, that Gandhiji would soon be arriving in Calcutta to enquire about the nature of the Quit India Movement in Bengal. 
We welcome your accession to the World Trade Organisation and congratulate you on your being ranked by the UNDP as the country with the 3rdhighest Human Development Index in Africa in the year 2014. 
Fixed Line Prepaid service offers Conversion of fixed line to Pre Paid (get rid of telephone bills), Easy de-linking from telephone line when prepaid is not required on any number, No need to dial Account number/ PIN every time you make a call, STD/ISD Facility, On Line balance enquiry, Follow on feature™ on no reply, busy and called party release to dial another number for subscribers other than PCO, Easy recharge and no problem of bills, Free Level 1 service like 100, 101, 102 etc. available, Free Level 1 IN services which are free to end-customers like Free Phone etc. are available 
If you had a thousand heavy bombers, or a hundred, or even fifty, which could completely flatten out the Pakistan bases, then I could understand the military temptation to declare war. 
The multiplier to be applied when using the mouse scroll wheel for zooming. This value defines the zooming step used for each scroll event. For example, 0. 05 results in a 5% zoom increment for each scroll event and 1. 00 result in a 100% zoom increment. 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with% s; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110 - 1301 USA 
(a) if the ship, aircraft, machinery or plant is sold or otherwise transferred by the assessee to any person at any time before the expiry of eight years from the end of the previous year in which it was acquired or installed; or 
Many email systems add an Apparently - To header to messages that only have BCC recipients. This header, if added, will list all of your recipients to your message anyway. To avoid this, you should add at least one To: or CC: recipient. 
The modern historiography of philosophy may be said to go back to Hegel who saw in the history of philosophy the dialectical development of the Logical Researches in Indian Philosophy Idea. 
Today, high speed internet access is available at various speeds starting from 64 kilobits per second (kbps) onwards, while an always - on high speed internet access at 128 kbps is considered as' Broadband '. 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee received the first copy of ‘Yogikasparsh’, a Yoga Manual in Braille written by Smt. Nivedita Joshi at a function in Rashtrapati Bhavan today (June 8, 2015). 
His work was the first ever demonstration of the existence of genetic material - LRB - DNA - RRB - that could carry genetic information between cells as well as from one generation to another at a time when the nature of DNA itself was only dimly perceived. 
(2) An appeal under sub-section (1) shall be heard by a Bench of not less than two Judges of the High Court and the provisions of section 259 shall apply in relation to any such appeal as they apply in relation to a case referred to the High Court under section 256. 
112A. [Omitted by the Finance Act, 1988, w.e.f. 1-4-1989. Original section 112A was inserted by the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1965, w.e.f. 11-9-1965 and later on amended by the Finance Act, 1966, w.e.f. 1-4-1966, Finance (No. 2) Act, 1967, w.e.f. 1-4-1968, Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 1970, w.r.e.f. 1-4-1968/1969 and Finance Act, 1973, w.r.e.f. 1-4-1972.] 
Empathy can automatically discover and chat with the people connected on the same network as you. If you want to use this feature, please check that the details below are correct. 
The Divine deals with great and small, just and unjust, ignorant and wise as the Self of all who, deeply intimate and one with the being, leads all according to their nature and need with a perfect understanding, power and justness of proportion. 
(iii) "partnership" shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Indian Partnership Act, 1932 (9 of 1932), and shall include a limited liability partnership as defined in the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008 (6 of 2009); 
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee presented the Gandhi Peace Prize for the year 2014 to Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) today (September 9, 2015) at a function at Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
Sets the volume (loudness) of speech. Slide the slider to the left to lower the volume; to the right to increase volume. Anything less than 75 percent is considered "soft", and anything greater than 125 percent is considered "loud". 
(4) The Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, specify the nature of acquisition in respect of which the provisions of sub-clause (a) of clause (iii) of sub-section (1) shall not apply. 
Later in the day, the President was felicitated at a Civic Reception in Lucknow in the presence of the Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Ram Naik; Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Yogi Adityanath; Dy. Chief Ministers of Uttar Pradesh Shri Keshav Prasad Maurya and Dr. Dinesh Sharma; Speaker of Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha, Shri Hridya Narayna Dikshit and other dignitaries. 
It sees the truth from The Gradations of the Supermind 815 within and illumines with that inner vision the outsides and it harmonises, too, readily provided we keep intuitively awake with whatever fresh truth has yet to arrive. 
i) Central Processing Unit (CPU) and monitor (VDU) China, with the entire computer system running the equipment, a box appears that the central processing unit and the interface looks like a TV monitor, he says. 
Historical: Chronologically, Islam followed after Judaism and Christianity, but the Koran claims Islam actually preceded the other monotheisms. In Islamic doctrine (Sura 3: 67), Abraham was the first Muslim. Moses and Jesus introduced mistakes into the Word of God; Muhammad brought it down perfectly. Islam views Judaism and Christianity as flawed versions of itself, correct on essentials but wrong in important details. This outlook implies that all three faiths share the God of Abraham. 
In addition many publications started earlier like the Epigraphia Indica and its supplements Epigraphia Indo-Moslemica which was later renamed as Epigraphia Indo-Moslemica – Arabic and Persian Supplement, Memoirs of the Archaeological Survey of India, Corpus Inscriptionum Indicarum, etc. are also continue. 
In 1995, Arora opened an account for himself and his family with HSBC. They have not had to visit the branch ever since and use the ATM, phone and Net instead. ” I have not visited my bank branch for seven years now. 
This council shall consist of the members representing the interests of the owners, employees, consumers, etc. and persons having special knowledge of matters relating to the technical or other aspects of the industries. 
For though we live physically on the material plane and in normal outward - going life the mind and soul are preoccupied with material existence, this externality of our being is not a binding limitation. 
If you have less than 3,000 pound you will not have to pay anything except any income support or attendance allowance you can claim which will go towards the costs. 
Freedom At Midnight rightly reports the extent of Nehru 's consternation but it gets right away from what happened when it says: Mouutbatten informed Menon that, by that evening, he would have to redraft the charter that ~ would give India independence. 
Thirty - two communists were involved in the conspiracy and all except Hutch - inson, a British subject, and M. N. Roy were arrested in March, 1929 and kept in jail custody throughout the trial. 
The shipping tonnage, which was only 1. 92 lakhs Gross Registered Tonnage (GRT) on the eve of Independence, now stands at 9. 02 million GRT with 850 vessels (as on 31st December, 2007). 
The reason why the higher planet moves more slowly than the lower is the greater extension of its sphere - LRB - or orbit - RRB -; and the reason why the lower planet moves more rapidly is that its sphere or orbit is less extended. 
(c) "banking company" means a company to which the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (10 of 1949) applies and includes any bank or banking institution referred to in section 51 of that Act; 
Ram learns about the abduction of Sita by Ravana after meeting Jatayu while searching for her. He explains how Ravana decapitated him and states that Ravana had headed in the Southern direction. 
Mumbai also have two main research centers: Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (T. I. F. R.), and Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (B. A. R. C.). Bhabha Institute also operates C. I. R. U. S., 40 mega watt nuclear reactor, which is located at their Trombay Institute. 
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that he was pleased to witness the change-over of Ceremonial Army Guard battalion from 28 MADRAS to 8 Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry, in a ceremony which is happening for the first time at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
Ekiga is full - featured SIP and H. 323 compatible VoIP, IP - Telephony and Videoconferencing application that allows you to make audio and video calls to remote users with SIP and H. 323 hardware or software. 
Allows% {PRODUCTNAME} to run plugins that require authorization. If you enable this setting, plugins that are not outdated always run. If this setting is disabled or not set, users will be asked for permission to run plugins that require authorization. These are plugins that can compromise security.% {PRODUCTNAME} 
Nov. 25, 2011 update: A check into Hawash 's current status finds him the founder and sole employee of Zaytona. com LLC, a software development company based in Portland, Ore., as well as on the staff of Renewable Funding, LCC, a larger company. He is once again clean shaven and American looking. < s > Comment: And why is this convicted Islamist felon who intended to kill Americans allowed to stay in the United States? Who will take responsibility should he again turn against Americans? 
In the year 1979 NTT introduced first Information and Broadcasting cellular network throughout Japan. Totally independent cellular network was started first time in the year 1980. During this time from the start till the middle (1G PD) was started. In 1981 Nordick Mobile Telephone (NMT) system was started in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. 1979 
When removable media is inserted, it is checked to see if it contains any important filenames in the root directory. If the filename matches, then an updates check is performed. This allows post - install disks to be used to update running systems. 
The column had an ascent speed of 250 meters per minute at a height of 200 meters and was observed to be rising continually at 200 meters per minute even at an altitude of 1100 meters above the ground. 
Whether to prefer to sustain the max. frame rate or lower it possibly in order to keep a minimum level of (spatial) quality for all frames. 0: Highest minimal quality, 31: lowest minimal quality 
Jim Rego, visiting assistant professor of chemistry at Swarthmore College, stated at a panel discussion that, even after Sept. 11, the U. S. government is merely manufacturing another enemy “to have an identity. ” Rego explained his thinking with an elegance characteristic of the Left: “I think we 've run out of people' s butts to kick and that we essentially want to keep the butt - kicking going. ” 
On the other hand, the output of piece - goods increased from 46 million yards in 1902 - 03 to 648 million yards in 1905 - 06 and rose to 1, 105 million yards in 1913 - 14. 
(2) The application shall be made in quadruplicate and be accompanied by a fee of ten thousand rupees or such fee as may be prescribed97 in this behalf, whichever is higher. 
